this absurd is made with flasks we are
these are all in environment variables
and we have said all of them now let us
turn our flask application using flask
one comment I can show you our flask
application is running on this IP
address let us go to the uncross it in
browser this is the speed the time zone
so this is your login form so since we
don't have an account let us create one
since username should have contain at
least by characters let's just beyond
username 1 2 3 that if this account
will be created or not since we have
given wrong details
you take them so yes it is not creating
so let us queue the name is 1 2 3 & 4
so let us again create the since we have
typed wrong password passwords could not
match so it is properly working now let
us give the right passwords here
so now this has to create any conference
since we have satisfied all the
conditions are successfully created now
let us go on login the user name we have
given the password let us login to the
website yes we have logged in to the
website and here we can see the username
which we have given under here we can
see a logout button search for a book
and here we can search and search for a
book by author or title or ISBN number
such power or the Chetan Bhagat yes so I
think these two are the results which
they have fetching in the database let
us see more about this book yes this is
the information and here you can see the
review submitted by users users Korean
on Ravenwood these reviews and these are
the details of the book which we have
browse for Hospital friend order
publicity and ISP a number and these are
the average ratings given by good users
on Goodreads now let us try to submit
our will review and let us give it
everything that a submitter review let
us see yes you can see here our rating
has been submitted here let us see let
us logout and log in from other account
let us see is the saga digital submitted
by one account are being reflected in
other account
unless it is being reflected in other
account as well on let us make this
website also has APA
if you requests for one such APA with
ASP number it will return the rejection
response of students and we can also
successfully log out and it will take us
to login thank you for viewing the video